# Sentiment-Analysis-and-Product-Recommendation-on-Amazon-s-Product-Review
Abstract: As online marketplaces have become a necessity in the past few decades, the online sellers and merchants ask  their purchasers to share their opinions about the products they have bought. As a result, millions of reviews are being generated daily which makes it difficult for a potential consumer to make a good decision on whether to buy the product. Analysing this enormous number of opinions is also hard and time consuming for customers. Also, overall summary of the product reviews will be beneficial for companies to make necessary changes in their product or marketing strategy. This leads to a problem of classifying reviews by their overall semantic i.e., classifying them into positive and negative reviews and then using them for recommending products to customers. In our project, our aim is to make a product recommendation system based on  amazon’s product reviews by classifying reviews into positive and negative using XGBoost classifier and CatBoost Classifier. By using these two algorithms, we will get better results than other algorithms.  Proposed Method: The objective is to classify and predict review sentiments from amazon.com by using XG-boost  and Cat-boost algorithms for higher accuracy.  Dataset Description: The Amazon reviews dataset consists of reviews from amazon. The data span a period of 18  years, the electronics dataset consists of reviews and product information from amazon were  collected.  This dataset includes reviews (ratings, text, helpfulness votes) and product metadata  (descriptions, category information, price, brand, and image features). This dataset was  obtained from Amazon review data (ucsd.edu) . The original data is in json format.
